
## Chapter 1

The sound of footsteps echoing down the hallway grew increasingly closer, the familiar jingle of keys accompanying them with every step. Noah stayed in bed facing the back of his cell paying no mind to the sound approaching him. The footsteps he expected to continue passed his cell as they have for the last few days stopped right in front of his cell. He heard the jingle of keys and loud clunk of a cell door, could this be the freedom he had been waiting for? As he turned and sat up in bed, he noticed the man in the cell across from him being escorted out and down the hall. Noah let out a deep sigh, “Guess my streak of bad luck is still rearing its ugly head” he muttered to himself.

Noah slowly gets out of bed and heads to a small bucket containing somewhat clean water in it peering into its reflection. His expression was grim, his green eyes a blank stare with glaring signs of defeat in them. His hair was also a mess, at least more than it usually was when he wasn’t being treated like a misbehaved dog thrown in a cage. This is the longest he’s been placed in a cell, usually it's a day or two before a stern talking to and he is thrown back to the streets to survive again. This time something was different, it felt like they were waiting for something or even worse they were done with their warnings and this would be his new home for however long they decided to keep him.

At least he wouldn’t have to worry about finding shelter or scavenge for food anytime soon, Noah smirked at the thought knowing he was trying to talk himself into looking for the positives in the situation. Yet when did that ever truly make the situation any better. Noah cups his hand and takes a sip from the bucket, the taste is bitter and metallic stinging the tip of his tongue. Rather than taking another sip he splashes some on his face in an act to try and put himself in somewhat of a better mood. He then sits on his bed waiting for the guards to make their next rounds. On queue footsteps begin to fill the hall once more, but something is different, a new set of footsteps. These accompanying footsteps are different, they are a lot heavier and move with purpose, unlike the usual lazy steps of the guard which can be heard trying to match pace dragging behind.

Noah now facing the wall laying in bed hears the set of footsteps stop outside his cell. “Is this the one you were speaking of ?” a deep voice echoes throughout the cell, “Y-yes it is! Matches what you are looking for right ?” a familiar voice of one of the guardsmen responds. As Noah sits up to investigate the person attached to this unfamiliar voice, the lock to his cell thunks and the door swings open. A man reaching at least six feet tall and intimidating stature is standing in the door to his cell. He is wearing a dark black embroidered long coat with a crimson sash from his right shoulder down to his left hip, with a sword sheathed there. 

Before Noah could fully process the man standing in front of him he spoke, “I hope you would not mind if I asked you a few questions ?”

